make it so you can see the words that can be stolen to produce a given word, i.e. make the wordExplorer bidrectional
change so game panels don't disappear when on the home screen (like on ISC)
make it so tile size also adjusts in response to resizing wordDisplay
enable minimize button?
THIAZINE + JFQ?MIE?WTXA = WEATHERIZATIoN (where'd the other blank go?)
does the prob calc take into account letters already in the word? e.g. PLEDGEE -> PEGLEGGED
make sure tooltips don't go off edge of svg viewport
make sure all context menus are at the right zoom level
save chat log to file
make button to show/hide flare edit features
save loading time by not loading js scripts e.g. those used to save svg until needed
remove redundancy in play validation?
pop up messages saying you are already involved in this game, or you already have a game screen active, etc
client can send a command to the server to reset itself?
click on tilepool to randomize
when there are fewer players, add fewer gamePanels
widen scrollbars in mobile mode
save game log and list of most missed words
custom dictionaries and tile sets
when waking phone from sleep, full screen size often goes wrong?... maybe just add runlater...
need to prune word list so that if there is a possible steal, the wordbuilder always recognizes it
make sure as much of username and score as possible fits in game panel
swipe gesture to navigate through turns in postgame analysis
long words (more than about 12 or 13 letters long) should trigger small tiles on small screens... 
change behavior of back button to exit game?
allow user to log in when server doesn't know they've logged out
improve calculation of tile sizes
show octothorpes option
make it so clicking (and holding?) has the effect of right clicking in word explorer?
make it so sound only plays once when logging in
"Did you know" messages on log in
check to see if notifying everyone about the end of the game slows down games in progress
make list of most commonly missed words and share with subscribers
write manual (should show specs on robots)
show quick pop-up notification in bottom of game panel (e.g. "that word has already been played in this game")?
make links in the markdown guide clickable and make it into an editable sandbox
show watchers
when navigating word list with arrow keys, definition of highlighted word should show
ratings... calculate rating by using some sort of vocabulary estimate metric?
add administrator tools on server side?
add profanity filter
different ways of scoring
enable swipe gesture on mobile device during endgame analysis
add maximize button to player profiles... maybe not necessarily to fullscreen, but at least larger?
add custom wordlist option for explorer
Increase max number of games... but make sure analysis tools stay unavailable if user is a player in any game that is not over
prevent user from creating and abandoning too many games... probably could be done on server end... just have game keep track of who created it... send pop up warning if user tries to violate policy
private messages
text doesn't go to clipboard. problem with computer? try on other computer.
fix bug where stolen word doesn't disappear (possibly only when it would result in switch to large letters?)
make special beginners-only tables
display game number on game panels so people can identify them
change jpro log warning level
if there are multiple gamewindows, clicking on one should bring it to front
if you like the program suggested donation is a $5
allow offline play
ue) words played per game, weighted according to player skill?
put user's own name at top
dropdown menu to sort players list alphabetically or by rating
stop flickering during postgame analysis
what is a word that are anagrams of each other as far as the game of Anagrams is concerned?
e.g. POMADE, PROMENADE
for quiz purposes, combine anagram sets into single nodes, annotate with a number indicating the anagram count
make a web widget for generating quizzes?
book